[docs] Explain how to use valueGetter to transform type (#3003)
mui-org/material-ui-x: docs/src/pages/components/data-grid/columns/columns.md

- `'singleSelect'`
- `'actions'`

### Converting types

> Default methods such as filtering or sorting assume that `type` corresponds to the type of the stored values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Default methods, such as filtering and sorting, assume that the type of the values will match the type of the column specified in `type` (e.g. the values of a `number` column will be numbers).
```

> For example, values of column with `type:'dateTime'` are expecting to be stored as a `Date()` objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, values of column with `type: 'dateTime'` are expecting to be stored as a `Date()` objects.
```
